the bleak app for ipad and iphone den
Lucky box and the gap stitches knows
each child
Now there is the proven learning game
Also as app for ipad and iphone
The free app offers tasks for
pre and primary school children in each
There are some demo tasks
To try
more tasks can be easily in
buy the app
Before each exercise, the task becomes short
explaining that playing is easy and simple
even for the smallest intuitive
Tasks must top up
pulled down on the right solution
become
if all the tiles are lying the
task is controlled by the solution
pattern if so you have everything right
made
There are tasks for every age group
from different fields of knowledge such as
logical thinking vocabulary training
English and maths you just look for the
task you want to play
if something is not the first time
quite right , you solve these tasks
just once again
right now everything is waiting in the app
many different tasks on you
So try it nevertheless simply times on the
iphone or ipad from the gap there
it now in the app store